what is gonna ladies gentleman shaky
Shawn I won 5-1 here and if you haven't
saw the cave video 100 create a cave go
ahead and check that out now you can
find that on my channel and a playlist I
have a playlist for all my tutorials
where I first created reloaded and if
you haven't already clicked that
subscribe button to see more amazing
content well we're gonna teach you right
now is how to build a tunnel that's what
you came for that's what you're gonna
find out alright you can build the
tunnel pretty much anything alright now
I use it personally for cinder blocks
cinder block stacks in general because
they look the best and it just looks
really cool once you get to use them
alright so what you're gonna want to do
build yourself the area you wanna I'm
just gonna do a sloppy word quick just
to show you quick how to get it done
stack the cinder blocks in a line
forming your tunnel or whatever you're
making we're just into a small tunnel
for right now and basically you get the
point right here and right now I'm just
build it up into wherever you wanted to
then you're gonna want to hold page up
which raises the object now many people
are aware of that all right you're gonna
raise to the top as much as you can and
then you'll just do the same thing stack
it up and form the second layer of the
wall think of this as laying bricks to
form your tunnel you can do this with
rocks but it is a lot harder this way
seems pretty cool I mean you can get
some pretty amazing stuff done with this
to make it look like an actual cool
tunnel you can use rocks around it and
make this look like I've broken into
area from inside the rocks it's pretty
cool I did a couple tests and try to
make the prytt made some pretty cool
work doing done with it but this pretty
much how you're gonna do it make sure
you stack that up keep watching because
there's one more part you gotta go on
the fourth part it's very important to
finish off your wall or entryway for
both the entrance and the exit
all right and then you'll just build
yourself off and you can make whatever
you want in here I mean you can make
buildings connected into a mountain cave
or all kinds of stuff you saw my other
video then we're going to put a marker
down I'll leave that quick we'll put a
marker down the marker right there and
we'll go into test game does it load up
quick it should be much loading there's
only a few things there now you see here
you got yourself a homemade tunnel um
now a few few other pointers out a guy
can a guy said on and we loaded forms
where you probably follow this link at
and where you found this video at which
is FPS credit real FPS creator reloaded
forms where he hopes that this isn't the
only way to build caves and mountains
now this I mean caves and tunnels this
is how you make the tunnels this is the
this is the most unique as a game
designer myself I find this way is very
customizable you can do whatever you
want this think of these as minecraft
blocks alright so just imagine what they
build in Minecraft imagine what you can
build with these and you don't got a
stack one on the other you can put them
wherever the hell you want it um I find
this really easy time-consuming but
professional and that's my output on
that so I hope you guys enjoy our basic
tutorial on tunneling this is gonna
break a lot ice for a lot of developers
and help a lot of people out so I hope
you guys enjoyed this and I'll see you
guys in hugs video don't forget wherever
you saw his video I have to click over
to the youtube link and subscribe